limit inbound calls per did (#4715)
2600hz/kazoo: doc/reference/routing.md

This call was authorized because it is an outbound tollfree call

-----

## How to set up inbound calls per DID limit

> Ensure authz enabled including authz_local_resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure authz is enabled including the authz_local_resources.
```

Add "inbound_channels_per_did_rules" flag to account's limits doc:

```
   "pvt_inbound_channels_per_did_rules": {
       "456": 3,
       "^876512.": 5,
       "^\\+?78122404700$": 1
   }
```

> In case DID number will match one of provided regular expressions, simultaneous calls will be limited to configured amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where the DID number matches one of provided regular expressions in the rule keys, the number of simultaneous calls will be limited to the configured amount specified in matching rule's value.
```

> No match found will result unlimited simultaneous calls for this DID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that no rules match the DID, no limitation will be applied to the number of simultaneous calls for that DID.
```
